W4 16/10/18

Scenario 1:
An employee used a laptop to work on in the office and regularly took it home. Recently they have
been working on some sensitive data which had been copied from the main file server. The data
included names, addresses, contact information including some email addresses, amounting to 15
million records.
What should be done to ensure this does not happen again?
	Encrypt the information
	Files should not be able to work outside the office
	Work collaboratively online to do the work
		

Scenario 2:
An employee in a very stressful and extremely busy job falls foul of a phishing attack and submits
information including their password. The company has a password policy, but it only states the
length and characters that can be used, so is useless in this instance. What should a robust policy
contain?
	Do not give away your password
	If the password is given away, change password and inform security detail
	Only send personal detail in line with the sharing guidelines
	

Scenario 3
An employee uses social media to advertise almost everything in their life. This includes posting a
constant stream of photographs which include children; posting every place they visit and what they
have been doing and ranting about their employer to friends, family and colleagues. They are also
happy to accept the majority of friend requests even though they do not know them. What are the
dangers associated with these kinds of activities?
	Having important or secret data in online their streams
	Accepting a malicious hacker as a friend and them using the social media data to commit an attack
	Giving away geolocation information, rob their home
	Can find out who your family and friends are, identity theft
	Posting rants against employer, can get fired
	Beware of privacy features
	understand what data is being posted about you
	
	 

Part 2
The university careers service have an interesting tool that allows you scrap information from social
media sites about yourself.
The link is on the My Careers page on Blackboard. The tool is called Am I hired. Login using one of
your social media sites. The tool pulls through the information you have on your public accounts into
one social media profile. It’s the kind of tool that employers will use to look at candidates before
interviewing or hiring them.

Isolate new services until you know they are full of spam